Increment document information (#25)
CESARBR/knot-cloud-storage: README.md

```bash
curl http://<hostname>:<port>/healthcheck
```

## API

```bash
POST /data
```

> Stores the device message received from the webhook service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stores the device messages. 
```

Author: Done!

### Parameters
#### Head Parameters

Field | Required | Description
--- | --- | ---
auth_token | Y | User's authentication token

### Body Parameters

Field | Required | Description
--- | --- | ---

> data | Y | The message fata sent by the device. This data includes the device that it was sent and the payload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
data | Y | The message data sent by the device. It includes both sender identification and payload.
```

Author: Done!

### Example
#### Request

```bash
POST https://storage.knot.cloud/data
```

##### Request Body
```json
{
	"from": "188824f0-28c4-475b-ab36-2505402bebcb",
	"payload": {
	    "sensor_id": 2,

>     	"value": 234

Reviewer: Please, fix indentation.

Author: Done!

	}
}
```

##### Response

> ```json

Reviewer: We don't return this response anymore, just consider `201 - created` as [here](https://github.com/CESARBR/knot-cloud-storage#response).

Author: Done!

Field | Required | Description
--- | --- | ---
auth_token | Y | User's authentication token

#### URI Parameters
Field | Required | Description
--- | --- | ---
order | N | Ascending (1) or descending (-1) order, default=1.
skip | N | The number of data to skip (returns skip + 1), default=0.
take | N | The maximum number of data that you want from skip + 1 (the number is limited to 100), default=10.
startDate | N | The start date that you want your set of data (format=YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS).
finishDate | N | The finish date that you want your set of data (format=YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS).

### Example
#### Request
```
GET https://storage.knot.cloud/data?take=15&order=1
```

#### Response
```json
[
    {
        "from": "188824f0-28c4-475b-ab36-2505402bebcb",
        "payload": {
            "sensorId": 2,
            "value": 234
        },
        "timestamp": "2020-04-10T10:32:26.456753-03:00"
    },
    {
        "from": "188824f0-28c4-475b-ab36-2505402bebcb",
        "payload": {
            "sensorId": 1,
            "value": true
        },
        "timestamp": "2020-04-13T13:56:23.596301-03:00"
    }
]
```

---

```
GET /data/{deviceID}
```

> Get the messages received from the webhook service by a specific device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get the messages by a specific device.
```

Author: Done!

### Parameters
#### Header Parameters
In order to get the device messages, you need to be authenticated as its owner.

Field | Required | Description
--- | --- | ---
auth_token | Y | User's authentication token

#### URI Parameters
Field | Required | Description
--- | --- | ---
order | N | Ascending (1) or descending (-1) order, default=1.
skip | N | The number of data to skip (returns skip + 1), default=0.
take | N | The maximum number of data that you want from skip + 1 (the number is limited to 100), default=10.
startDate | N | The start date that you want your set of data (format=YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS).
finishDate | N | The finish date that you want your set of data (format=YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS).

### Example
#### Request
```
GET https://storage.knot.cloud/data/cc5429a29afcd158?startDate=2020-04-13 13:00:00
```

#### Response
```json
[
  {
        "from": "188824f0-28c4-475b-ab36-2505402bebcb",
        "payload": {
            "sensorId": 1,
            "value": true
        },
        "timestamp": "2020-04-13T13:56:23.596301-03:00"
    }
]
```

---

```
GET /data/{deviceID}/sensor/{sensorID}
```

> Get the messages received from the webhook service by a specific device sensor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get the messages by a specific device sensor.
```

Author: Done!

### Parameters
#### Header Parameters
In order to get the device messages, you need to be authenticated as its owner.

Field | Required | Description
--- | --- | ---
auth_token | Y | User's authentication token

#### URI Parameters
Field | Required | Description
--- | --- | ---
order | N | Ascending (1) or descending (-1) order, default=1.
skip | N | The number of data to skip (returns skip + 1), default=0.
take | N | The maximum number of data that you want from skip + 1 (the number is limited to 100), default=10.
startDate | N | The start date that you want your set of data (format=YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS).
finishDate | N | The finish date that you want your set of data (format=YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS).

### Example
#### Request

    GET https://storage.knot.cloud/data/cc5429a29afcd158/sensor/2

#### Response
```json
[
    {
        "from": "188824f0-28c4-475b-ab36-2505402bebcb",
        "payload": {
            "sensorId": 2,
            "value": 234
        },
        "timestamp": "2020-04-10T10:32:26.456753-03:00"
    }
]
```

---

```
DELETE /data
```
Delete all the device messages.

### Parameters
#### Header Parameters

> In order to get the device messages, you need to be authenticated as its owner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to delete the messages, you need to be authenticated as a valid user. Only data from the things which are owned by this user will be removed.
```

Author: Done!

Field | Required | Description
--- | --- | ---
auth_token | Y | User's authentication token

### Example
#### Request

    DELETE https://storage.knot.cloud/data

#### Response
```
200 OK
```

---

```
DELETE /data/{deviceID}
```
Delete all messages from a specific device.

### Parameters
#### Header Parameters

> In order to get the device messages, you need to be authenticated as its owner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to delete the device messages, you need to be authenticated as its owner.
```

Author: Done!
